docs: introduce about webpack and metro bundler (#2434)
software-mansion/react-native-svg: USAGE.md

  );
};
```
# Web configuration

## Metro bundler
No additional steps are required when using Metro bundler.

## Webpack
If you are using the Webpack bundler, the following steps are needed:

- Install `@react-native/assets-registry/registry` as a project dependency.
- Ensure that you have the proper configuration to parse flow files from `@react-native/assets-registry/registry`.
- Configure the Webpack `module -> rules` section and include an important rule for `node_modules/@react-native/assets-registry/registry`.

> #### Webpack Configuration

Reviewer: Useless header, you can add the filename instead.
It's `babel.config.js` right? Then simply
```suggestion
babel.config.js
```

Author: it's a webpack.config.js, I changed. that, thank you

};
```

> ## Metro bundler

Reviewer: `##` makes it sub-header to 
> Use with content loaded from uri

Reviewer: We could probably make a `# Web configuration` header and a
`## Metro bundler` + `## Webpack` subheaders

> You can set up your mobile and web applications using the Metro bundler, and you shouldn't face any issues using our library. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No additional steps are required when using Metro bundler.
```

1. **Unified Development Experience**: Metro is the default bundler for React Native, providing a consistent experience across iOS, Android, and web platforms. This eliminates the need for managing separate build configurations for different platforms.

2. **Optimized Performance**: Metro is designed specifically for React Native, offering faster build times and optimized performance, especially when dealing with large codebases.

3. **Seamless Integration**: Expo offers out-of-the-box integration with Metro, simplifying the development process and reducing the need for complex configuration setups, which can be particularly beneficial when targeting multiple platforms.

4. **Active Maintenance**: Unlike Webpack, Metro is actively maintained and continuously improved to support the latest React Native features. This ensures better support and access to new functionalities as they are released.

5. **Simplified Configuration**: With Metro and Expo, there’s less overhead in terms of configuration compared to Webpack. This can make the setup process faster and less error-prone, especially for developers who are not as familiar with Webpack.

> 

Reviewer: Do we need this section at all? It seems to be completely irrelevant to SVG library

Author: I added a short motivation on why using Metro instead of Webpack is better. We can remove that if you think it doesn't make any sense.

Reviewer: In that case, let's remove it completely

Author: removed.

## Webpack bundler
> [!WARNING] `expo/webpack-config`
> 
> `@expo/webpack-config` is deprecated and will not receive any new feature updates.

> [!TIP] Migrate from Expo Webpack
> 

> > If you are still using the Webpack bundler, we recommend migrating to Metro. This [documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/router/migrate/from-expo-webpack/) provides a good guide on how to migrate a website from Expo Webpack to Expo Metro.

Reviewer: Quote?
<img width="1060" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8c340d20-8ec3-4b7e-b511-7c7f2366b63a">

Reviewer: Also, is it needed at all?

Author: Why quote? I want to highlight that part.
In my opinion, it has to be here. However, I don't object if you believe it should be removed. I attempted to clarify it for the user and consolidate some brief tips in one location.

Reviewer: Same as here https://github.com/software-mansion/react-native-svg/pull/2434/files#r1741596785
Also, this is not relevant to react-native-svg, so I don't see the point of posting it here.

Author: remoed.

> If, for some reason, you are using the Webpack bundler, the following steps are important:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the Webpack bundler, the following steps are needed:
```

- Install `@react-native/assets-registry/registry` as a project dependency.
- Ensure that you have the proper configuration to parse flow files from `@react-native/assets-registry/registry`.
- Configure the Webpack `module -> rules` section and include an important rule for `node_modules/@react-native/assets-registry/registry`.

> [!NOTE] Webpack Configuration
> 
> ```ts
> const babelLoaderConfiguration = {
>  include: [
>    path.resolve(
>      appDirectory,
>      // Important!
>      'node_modules/@react-native/assets-registry/registry',
>    ),
>  ],
>  ...
>};
>
>module.exports = {
>  ...config,
>  module: {
>      rules: [babelLoaderConfiguration],
>    },
>};

> > ```

Reviewer: Why is it quote?

Author: I want to highlight that part.

Reviewer: It's not highlighted, somehow Alerts are not rendered properly so it's displayed as a normal quote which makes it **less** visible
<img width="1067" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/772846ec-8443-4231-9ba1-eb2460560fbf">

Reviewer: Also, don't put code snippets in quote blocks, please

Author: something like this it's better?
<img width="798" alt="Screenshot 2024-09-03 at 10 07 46" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9391fda6-5328-44e6-9783-07cb605bacb1">
